fix format logger issue (#3014)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where **modeling-rules test** did not properly handle query fields that pointed to a string.
* Fixed an issue when trying to fetch remote files when not under the content repo.
* Fixed a validation that the **modeling-rules test** command will fail if no test data file exist.

> * Fixed **format** command crashes when updating the `fromversion` entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where **format** command failed while updating the `fromversion` entry.
```
